Here is what the end-product should be able to do: 

1. Should be able to take bank statements from the user in .csv or .xlsx format
2. be able to parse bank statements from different banks so should have a generic parsing logic 
3. once the user data is parsed it will be categorised based on the merchant the payment was done to, this can be done by pattern matching the merchant with the categoryMap.
4. The parsed and categorised data should be analysed
	1. monthly spending
	2. category wise monthly spending
	3. category wise total spending
	4. increase and decrease in these data points from previous month 
	5. the data should be able to be categorized on monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, yearly basis. 

5. the user should be able to add spending goals manually or from the chat of user with ai we can fetch the spend goals automatically.
6. the goals should be stored and updated whenever a new bank statement is uploaded having new transactions after the goal creation date
7. ai context should be stored for future conversations and the ai has access to all the user data as we are going to use a local model and containerize it on docker 

Application Auth should :
1. register a new user
2. login of old user
3. logout
4. app works only after login
5. each login session will have a token that will expire after a time perion and this token will be used by jwt to authenticate the user if they are logged in

AI LLM setup

here is how the AI setup needs to be done:
1. we will run a LLM in local using docker
2. i suggest the latest version of olama
3. need a docker compose to run the olama image

AI LLM use

the AI LLM is the most crucial part of this project, which wil be used in the following manner:
1. the ai will have the access to the analytics
2. it will use this data analyse the users spending patterns
3. the user can chat with this LLM
4. in the AI chat user can tell their goal, these goals need to be identified and then stored automatically.
5. or based on the user requirement like saving money, emergency fund, etc, the AI can create goals for the user.
6. the chat context with LLM needs to be stored for future use.

Integration test
1. for the database if the data is being added to the database or not
2. for the ai if it works or not
3. for the flow of the application if it works as expected
4. integration test for the suth if they are working correctly


Frontend 

Here is the plan for frontend 

Pages : 
	1. Home page ( this includes the upload button and the ai chat interaction )
	2. Analytics page ( this includes all the analytics mentioned above )
	3. Goals page ( this includes all the goals mentioned above )
	4. Auth pages ( login, logout, register )

AI Chat 
1. on the home page there should be a chat interface with ai
2. it should be conversational
3. when user uploads a bank statement it should be processed into analytics and the ai should be able to answer questions about it
4. the ai should be able to answer questions like : 
	1. how much did i spend in last month
	2. how much did i spend on groceries in last month
	3. how much did i spend on rent in last month
	4. how much did i spend on utilities in last month
	5. how much did i spend on transportation in last month
	6. how much did i spend on entertainment in last month
	7. how much did i spend on dining out in last month
	8. how much did i spend on shopping in last month
	9. how much did i spend on other categories in last month 
	10. how much did i save in last month
	11. how much did i spend on each category in last month
	12. how much did i spend on each category in last month compared to previous month
	13. how much did i spend on each category in last month compared to previous month and previous quarter and previous half-year and previous year



